NAME                                                               READY   STATUS    RESTARTS        AGE
pod/alertmanager-my-kube-prometheus-stack-alertmanager-0           2/2     Running   4 (11m ago)     4d3h
pod/my-kube-prometheus-stack-grafana-6884dfdff4-42dnv              3/3     Running   19 (11m ago)    4d3h
pod/my-kube-prometheus-stack-kube-state-metrics-5c777c7bf5-srwqw   1/1     Running   5 (6m13s ago)   4d3h
pod/my-kube-prometheus-stack-operator-69bd5dc659-xv8r7             1/1     Running   4               4d3h
pod/my-kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-xkvjf        1/1     Running   6               4d3h
pod/prometheus-my-kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-0               2/2     Running   6 (11m ago)     4d3h

NAME                                                        TYPE        CLUSTER-IP       EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)                      AGE
service/alertmanager-operated                               ClusterIP   None             <none>        9093/TCP,9094/TCP,9094/UDP   4d3h
service/my-kube-prometheus-stack-alertmanager               ClusterIP   10.107.117.247   <none>        9093/TCP,8080/TCP            4d3h
service/my-kube-prometheus-stack-grafana                    NodePort    10.102.149.200   <none>        80:30631/TCP                 4d3h
service/my-kube-prometheus-stack-kube-state-metrics         ClusterIP   10.102.42.55     <none>        8080/TCP                     4d3h
service/my-kube-prometheus-stack-operator                   ClusterIP   10.107.62.59     <none>        443/TCP                      4d3h
service/my-kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus                 ClusterIP   10.110.36.28     <none>        9090/TCP,8080/TCP            4d3h
service/my-kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter   ClusterIP   10.110.13.151    <none>        9100/TCP                     4d3h
service/prometheus-operated                                 ClusterIP   None             <none>        9090/TCP                     4d3h

NAME                                                               DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   NODE SELECTOR            AGE
daemonset.apps/my-kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter   1         1         1       1            1           kubernetes.io/os=linux   4d3h

NAME                                                          READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deployment.apps/my-kube-prometheus-stack-grafana              1/1     1            1           4d3h
deployment.apps/my-kube-prometheus-stack-kube-state-metrics   1/1     1            1           4d3h
deployment.apps/my-kube-prometheus-stack-operator             1/1     1            1           4d3h

NAME                                                                     DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
replicaset.apps/my-kube-prometheus-stack-grafana-6884dfdff4              1         1         1       4d3h
replicaset.apps/my-kube-prometheus-stack-kube-state-metrics-5c777c7bf5   1         1         1       4d3h
replicaset.apps/my-kube-prometheus-stack-operator-69bd5dc659             1         1         1       4d3h

NAME                                                                  READY   AGE
statefulset.apps/alertmanager-my-kube-prometheus-stack-alertmanager   1/1     4d3h
statefulset.apps/prometheus-my-kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus       1/1     4d3h
